🎉 New Destination: Propel (#35427)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/propel.md

# Propel

## Overview

> [Propel](https://propeldata.com) provides an easy way to power your analytic dashboards, reports, and workflows with low-latency data from any SaaS application or database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Propel](https://www.propeldata.com) is an Analytics Platform as a Service for developers. It provides serverless ClickHouse infrastructure, data-serving APIs, and React components to deliver embedded analytics, data-serving API, and usage metering use cases in record time.
```

This Airbyte destination allows to sync data into a Propel Data Pool.

 > ℹ️ This destination is maintained by Propel. Please send any support requests to support@propeldata.com

## Features

| Feature                        | Supported |     |
| :----------------------------- | :-------- | :-- |
| Full Refresh Sync              | Yes       |     |
| Incremental - Append Sync      | Yes       |     |
| Incremental - Append + Deduped | No        |     |
| Namespaces                     | Yes       |     |

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

To connect Propel to Airbyte, you need the following:

- A [Propel account](https://console.propeldata.com/get-started).
- An Airbyte account.
- A Propel Application with the ADMIN scope.

---

## Setup instructions

You must create a Propel Application. Propel Applications provide the API credentials, allowing the Airbyte destination to access the Propel API.

> 1. Go to the **Applications** section and click **Create Application**.
> 2. Enter the **Unique Name**. For example, 'Airbyte Destination'.
> 3. Provide a **Description**. For example, 'The Airbyte Destination app'.
> 4. In the API scopes section, in the **Scopes** drop-down menu, select the **ADMIN** scope.
> 5. In the Propeller section, in the **Select Propeller** drop-down menu, select the processing power as per your requirements.
> 6. Click **Create**.
> 7. Make a note of the Application ID and secret. You will need them to configure Fivetran.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Propel Console](https://console.propeldata.com/).
2. Go to the **Applications** section and click **Create Application**.
3. Enter the **Unique Name**. For example, "Airbyte Destination".
4. Provide a **Description**. For example, "The Airbyte Destination app".
5. In the API scopes section, in the **Scopes** drop-down menu, select the **ADMIN** scope.
6. In the Propeller section, in the **Select Propeller** drop-down menu, select the processing power as per your requirements.
7. Click **Create**.
8. Make a note of the Application ID and secret. You will need them to configure Airbyte.
```
